Change how west dependencies are loaded (#35)
coderbyheart/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker: README.md

![Publish Docker](https://github.com/coderbyheart/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker/workflows/Publish%20Docker/badge.svg?branch=saga)
(_the [Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/coderbyheart/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker) is build against [NCS](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf) `main`, `v1.7-branch`, `v1.6-branch`, `v1.5-branch`, and `v1.4-branch` every night._)

> This project defines a Docker image that contains all dependencies to run `west` commands with the nRF Connect SDK. Just bind mount the project folder you'd like to build, and the output will end up in the same folder (nested in build/zephyr subdir of the app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project defines a Docker image that contains all dependencies to run `west` commands with the nRF Connect SDK. Bind mount the project folder you'd like to build, and the output will end up in the same folder (nested in build/zephyr subdir of the app).
```

> :information_source: Read more about this aproach [here](https://devzone.nordicsemi.com/nordic/nrf-connect-sdk-guides/b/getting-started/posts/build-ncs-application-firmware-images-using-docker).

> :warning: The `latest` Docker image tag has been deleted. Use `coderbyheart/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker:main`.

![Docker + Zephyr -> merged.hex](./diagram.png)

Install `docker` on your operating system. On Windows you might want to use the [WSL subsystem](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-wi/workdir/project/ndows/wsl-tech-preview/).

> fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Setup

You can either build the image from this repository or use a pre-built one from Dockerhub.

### Build image locally

Clone the repo:

    git clone https://github.com/coderbyheart/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker

Build the image (this is only needed once):

    cd fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker

>     docker build -t fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker --build-arg nrf_ver=v1.8.1 .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    docker build -t fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker --build-arg SDK_NRF_REVISION=v1.8.1 .
```

> _:green_apple: Note:_ To build for a Mac with the M1 architecture, you need to specify the `arm64` architecture when building: `--build-arg arch=arm64`.

> > _Note:_ The `nrf_ver` build argument can be used to specify what version of sdk-nrf that will be used when looking up pip dependencies for nrf and it´s west dependency repositories. The value can be a git _tag_, _branch_ or _sha_ from the [sdk-nrf repository](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _Note:_ The `nrf_ver` build argument can be used to specify what version of nRF Connect SDK that will be used when looking dependencies with pip for the SDK and it's west dependency repositories. The value can be a git _tag_, _branch_ or _sha_ from the [nRF Connect SDK repository](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf).
```

### Use pre-built image from Dockerhub

> _Note:_ This is a convenient way to quickly build your firmware but using images from untrusted third-parties poses the risk of exposing your source code.

> _:green_apple: Note:_ The prebuilt images are not available for `arm64` architecture (Apple M1), because GitHub Actions don't have hosted runners with Apple M1 yet.

> To use the pre-built image [`coderbyheart/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker:main`](https://hub.docker.com/r/coderbyheart/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker); just add `coderbyheart/` before the image name and `:tag` after. Replace `tag` with one of the [available tags](https://hub.docker.com/r/coderbyheart/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker/tags) on the Dockerhub image. The only difference between the tags are which pip dependencies that will be pre-installed in the image based on the different `requirements.txt` files from the `nrf`-repository´s west dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the pre-built image [`coderbyheart/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker:main`](https://hub.docker.com/r/coderbyheart/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker); add `coderbyheart/` before the image name and `:tag` after. Replace `tag` with one of the [available tags](https://hub.docker.com/r/coderbyheart/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker/tags) on the Dockerhub image. The only difference between the tags are which python dependencies are pre-installed in the image based on the different `requirements.txt` files from the nRF Connect SDK repository's west dependencies.
```
